I'm actually kind of upset that he
didn't lose cuz I wanted him to own that
L well I felt a lot of losses when I was
on optik don't worry yeah but you led
those losses so I kind of like you know
it's kind of like they are yours yeah
at the beginning of any ALCS the first
week here I'm joined by two new faces in
the NA LCS but not two faces in eSports
pretty good friends can I call you guys
friends yeah yes even after that match
you guys are still friends my butt hurts
a little bit the spanking the spanking
wasn't what I came here to do a spanking
oyster eyes my palm for like a week
straight cuz I didn't wanna hurt him and
I was the one I did a motorized back
there it hurt
well his walls gonna hurt because we had
a running bet on this match whoever
loses has to buy the other one a very
expensive stage what I don't understand
though is why he's gonna order two
16-ounce steaks like he's not gonna even
eat like eight ounce of 160 no I'm gonna
order as much as I possibly can just to
see you take out your credit card I
don't even have to interview you guys
could I'll just put the microphone you
guys it was a pleasure having you on
your own channel brother have a good one
man no so I mean first off did you guys
both know that you were getting into the
NA LCS together were you talking about
stuff I mean how what was going on
behind the scenes it was it kind of like
awkward seeing you here kind of deal we
plead the fifth no I don't think it was
that awkward I mean Hector and I have
been having conversations here and there
about different situations I mean we're
still very close and help each other out
wherever we can but I think the biggest
thing for us was we were playing our
cards close to our chests I think
everybody had to there were so many
applicants and there are so many rumors
about all these teams applying and so
you definitely want to play your hands
so it's like if we didn't get in
exercise mind and then he makes it in
that would have been a problem so but
now we can openly talk about it
obviously so I'm feeling good about that
so I mean for the people that don't know
because you guys have a long history but
there's all our league of Legends fans
that don't know that this is maybe a
bigger rivalry than even like the Steve
and an Andy one Reggie one what's your
guys's connection with each other in the
past so we were teammates for a very
long time I taught him how to play call
of duty
specifically snd and yeah we were
teammates for a very long time like
seven seven years seven years yeah I was
part of optic gaming
snatched him on high school he did I
picked him up from high school how could
you do that now is that a said he live
in legal it was a little weird cuz he's
like 12 years older than me
okay he's very old awkward to alter
eSports yeah so it's game and then you
told him you know you you coached him
you mentored him all this stuff happens
and he's like peace out I'm gonna go
create a rival team
I was joking for the color duty stuff
let me out my cage so I had to dig out
and go free escape no I mean what's a
yeah what what is the true story there
what's like the timeline it's more of a
personal thing that we're gonna keep
between Hector and I yeah and I don't
think I mean we share a lot with Inter
when you joined optic I mean optic in
2010 and I departed in like 26 2015 2016
yep
so still pretty recent and now you guys
are here was there a lot of trash talk
behind the scenes before this match yeah
yeah we can't show that censored stuff
but ya know it was it was our friendly
online and then behind the scenes we get
as friendly as we get in public like
deep down inside we both are like we're
very strong competitors I mean we both
want to win we've always even wondered
when we were on the same team in
different situations or another I'm Way
better than him at sports and now
videogames too so you can even even 60
pounds overweight as I am right now this
young man couldn't save me in any sport
maybe golf but this cohort
I got golf maybe Batman mmm pool
I can definitely beat you like swimming
no pool like with junior billiards not a
chance I have one of my house Oh
my apartments too small for that no
what's also fun is that unlike a lot of
the owners you kind of are behind the
scenes you guys are both very
front-facing you've got like I mean you
crush my followings online but you do a
podcast I know right with the optic side
you've got a bunch of stuff going on and
your own channel so what but first off
where can people find you because I mean
not that there's a ton of people that go
over but I'm sure if you want to find
more of your guys is kind of behind the
scenes talks and you know learning about
all this stuff well look if you ever
want to see a good-looking CEO and owner
of a team you can come to my channel
youtube.com forward slash hacks we h ec
cwe yes
you should go to youtube.com for its
last hundred thieves there we go
and what optic nation gaming now isn't
it yes no I am so for you guys I mean
obviously that game went in the hundred
these favor it was a long game by the
way sorrow should we expect all those
games to go that way well I think you
could tell how long it went because of
my voice like I was more nervous as an
owner than I ever was as a player and I
think Hector and I are both in the same
boat where we understand the legends as
a whole from you know very vague
perspective but we don't understand like
when the momentum shifts this and the
other so for it to go 65 minutes long oh
yeah I have no energy left I don't even
do it at some point I'm like oh man
we're crushing right now and then the
announcer would be like 100 things has
been in control for about 15 minutes and
watching I think the toughest part for
me too was since Hector and I were
sitting next to each other in the front
row like they had their coach yelling
when something good would happen we were
yelling when something good would happen
so I just get so unreasonably mad when
they would start making noise just like
I gotta get out of here my advantage is
that as a you know having had optic for
close to 10 years now I've gone through
my ups and downs and I know how to lose
this young man was super super I'm
actually kind of upset that he didn't
lose because I wanted him to own that L
well I felt a lot of losses when I was
on optic don't worry yeah but you led
those losses so it's kind of like you
know it's kind of like they are you're
very good wolf is the next here's played
one more time this split is it gonna go
differently next time yes
no of course but next time winner shoot
by stakes one thing that I've learned is
League legend snowballs very quickly and
I definitely don't think the match will
take nearly as long as it did this time
and I'm very confident in hunter theives
ability to suppress hundred optic gaming
at all turns of the corner yes good
we're talking a lot today I've been
talking all really good yes all right at
the end of all my interviews I know this
is our first time on camera this is our
second I always give the opportunity for
you guys to say anything you want to
your fans you know the League of Legends
fans watching this content
anything at all which one you guys wants
to go first to everybody that's watching
us welcome to the green wall
please subscribe to our YouTube channel
we are making compelling content that I
think you would like related to eSports
League of Legends and everything else
thank you very good very professed to
calm for / hundred ds-10 0 th IE ves and
the biggest thing that want everybody
know it's 1 0 0 space thieves it's not
the two combined I didn't want to put an
underscore in our Twitter account though
no underscores I did that when I was an
optic disgraceful and did you know
actually just a fun fact Hector probably
didn't know snapchat needs to do a
better job of helping out users because
my snapchat is still the optic Nate like
I can still be optic X seems a little
bit more V thank you guys so much thank
you guys so much for the Travis kapha
we've been doing a great job of covering
the LCS we know that you used to work
back back say now the fact that you're
doing this on your own and are
independent independence the way to go
good for you bro thank you thank you
I'll keep trying to do that a seminar is
more for photography that just adds up a
7 or 3 the Engadget calls it quite
possibly the best mirrorless camera for
video on the market right now wow really
I had no 87's shoes gonna crush it when
it's re 87's oh he's gonna crush it when
it comes out but right now the a7 r3 is
pretty good can can we get a fact
Gabriel
yeah the low-light great it's got a huge
smoke you didn't even have crank that I
so whenever you help me you can check
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
hey thank you so much for subscribing to
my youtube channel wait you haven't yet
well you should because these LCS
interviews are brought to you by Omni
slash they're gonna be here all season
long so make sure you subscribe